https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/annual-report-2014-institute-for-history.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/citne-jaarplan-website.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/cmgi-jaarplan-website-1.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/coglo-jaarplan-website.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/hisis-jaarplan-website.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/institute-for-history-annual-report-2012-def.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/institute-for-history-annual-report-2013.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/jaarverslag-2011-institute-history.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/jaarverslag-geschiedenis-2015.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/pcni-jaarplan-website.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/binaries/content/assets/geesteswetenschappen/institute-for-history/umw-jaarplan-website.pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/about-the-programme/maritime-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history-research/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/about-the-programme/extracurricular-opportunities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/admission-and-application/pre-masters
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/ancient-history/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/admission-and-application/pre-masters
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/archival-studies/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/career
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/career/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/about-the-programme/economic-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/about-the-programme/governance-of-migration-and-diversity
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/admission-and-application/pre-masters
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/about-the-programme/maritime-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/admission-and-application/pre-masters
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation-leiden-oxford-paris-programme/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/admission-and-application/pre-masters
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/europe-1000-1800/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/pdf
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/about-the-programme
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/about-the-programme/extra-curricular
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/admission-and-application
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/admission-and-application/admission-requirements
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/admission-and-application/application-and-deadlines
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/admission-and-application/pre-masters
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/admission-and-application/required-documents
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/admission-and-application/tuition-fees
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/career-prospects
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/career-prospects/career-preparation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/information-activities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/print
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/student-life
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/education/study-programmes/master/history/why-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/about
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/colonial-and-global-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/colonial-and-global-history/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/education
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/history-and-international-relations
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/history-and-international-relations/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/medieval-and-early-modern-europe
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/medieval-and-early-modern-europe/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/phd-and-guest-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/political-culture-and-national-identities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/political-culture-and-national-identities/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/staff/staff-a-z
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/unification-of-the-mediterranean-world
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/humanities/institute-for-history/unification-of-the-mediterranean-world/staff
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2013/01/2012-kim-beerden-new-university-lecturer-ancient-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2013/10/jan-bart-gewald-appointed-as-professor-of-southern-african-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2015/05/exhibition-on-celebrating-curiosity-four-centuries-of-university-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2015/09/leiden-university-institute-for-history-ranks-29-in-qs-ranking-2015
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2015/09/vacancies-four-phd-positions-in-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2015/10/michiel-van-groesen-new-professor-of-maritime-history-at-leiden-university
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2015/11/10-12-december-international-conference-the-general-labour-history-of-africa
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2016/01/leidens-first-history-mooc-to-go-online-in-january
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2016/03/history-and-linguistics-in-leiden-19-and-28-in-qs-ranking-2016
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2016/08/jeff-fynn-paul-prize-european-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2016/11/five-history-projects-selected-for-research-traineeship-programme-2016-2017
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2017/03/history-and-religious-studies-in-leiden-17-and-32-in-qs-ranking-2017
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2017/07/damian-pargas-new-professor-american-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/2017/09/bernhard-rieger-new-professor-of-european-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/archive-divers/2011/05/beyond-the-city-wall--history-of-batavia-s-hinterland
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/archive-divers/2013/01/queen-beatrix-writing-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news/archive-divers/2014/06/history-is-a-matter-of-a-longing-for-rifles-and-flat-screen-tvs
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=10
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=11
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=12
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=13
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=14
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=15
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=3
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=4
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=5
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=6
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=7
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=8
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Education&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=Organisation&category=Students&category=People&category=Awards&category=Books&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=9
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=People&category=Awards&category=In+the+media
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=People&category=Awards&category=In+the+media
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=People&category=Awards&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/news?facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&category=Research&category=Societal+Impact&category=People&category=Awards&category=In+the+media&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/a-history-of-modern-political-thought-in-east-central-europe-vol-1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/an-economic-history-of-portugal-1143%E2%80%932010
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/dynasties---a-global-history-of-power-1300%E2%80%931800
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/explorations-in-history-and-globalization
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/globalising-migration-history.-the-eurasian-experience-16th-21st-centuries
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/oxford-handbook-of-cities-in-world-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/profile-2.-settlement-history-of-the-frisia-in-the-middle-ages
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/profile-3.-sources-on-frisian-medieval-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/religion-and-trade-cross-cultural-exchanges-in-world-history-1000-1900
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output/humanities/world-history---a-genealogy
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=3
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=4
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=5
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=6
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-medihttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.universiteitleiden.nl%2Fen%2Fresearch%2Fresearch-output%3Ffacultyinstitute%3Dleiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=7
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=3
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=4
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=5
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=6
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication&pageNumber=7
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&pageNumber=3
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&pageNumber=4
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&pageNumber=5
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&pageNumber=6
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&category=book&category=publication
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-output?facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&category=book&category=publication
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects/humanities/colonial-and-global-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects/humanities/history-and-international-relations
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects/humanities/the-history-of-the-possessions-of-the-%E2%80%9Cteutonic-house%E2%80%9D-and-the-bailiwick-of-utrecht-1231-1619
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&status=current
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&status=current&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&status=current&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&status=current&pageNumber=3
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&status=current&pageNumber=4
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects?facultyinstitute=leiden-institute-for-history&facultysubinstitute=cities-migration-and-global-interdependence&facultysubinstitute=history-and-international-relations&facultysubinstitute=political-culture-and-national-identities&facultysubinstitute=collective-identities-and-transnational-networks-in-medieval-and-early-modern-europe&facultysubinstitute=the-unification-of-the-mediterranean-world&facultysubinstitute=colonial-and-global-history&status=current&pageNumber=5
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=african history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=art history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=colonial history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=disability history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=dutch history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=dynastic history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=early modern history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=economic history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=frisian history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=global history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=global maritime history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=history of empires
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=history of trade
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=labour history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=maritime history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=medieval history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=migration history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=modern history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=portuguese history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=social history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=southern african history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/search/tag?q=urban history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/asian-studies/history-arts-and-culture-of-asia/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/ancient-history-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/ancient-history-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/colonial-and-global-history-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/europe-1000-1800-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history-research/political-culture-and-national-identities-research/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/ancient-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/ancient-history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/archival-studies
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/archival-studies/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/cities-migration-and-global-interdependence/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/colonial-and-global-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/colonial-and-global-history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/europaeum-programme-european-history-and-civilisation/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/europe-1000-1800
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/europe-1000-1800/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderwijs/opleidingen/master/history/political-culture-and-national-identities/contact
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderzoek/onderzoeksoutput?outputcategory=book&faculty=leiden-institute-for-history
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderzoek/onderzoeksoutput?outputcategory=book&faculty=leiden-institute-for-history&pageNumber=1
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderzoek/onderzoeksoutput?outputcategory=book&faculty=leiden-institute-for-history&pageNumber=2
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderzoek/onderzoeksoutput?outputcategory=book&faculty=leiden-institute-for-history&pageNumber=3
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderzoek/onderzoeksoutput?outputcategory=book&faculty=leiden-institute-for-history&pageNumber=4
https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/onderzoek/onderzoeksoutput?outputcategory=book&faculty=leiden-institute-for-history&pageNumber=5
