https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#affiliatedlist
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#body-content
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#emerituslist
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#facultylist
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#gslist
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#stafflist
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/#visitinglist
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about-department
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/contact
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/office-hours
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/fladmichael-teague-visiting-professorship
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/adi-gold
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/brianna-medeiros
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/chloe-hill
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/gabriela-gazzinelli
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/lucas-wakefield
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/luiz-luca-prazeres
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/patr%C3%ADcia-ferreira
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/pedro-lopes-de-almeida
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/about/people/graduate-students/s%C3%ADlvia-cabral-teresa
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/academic-year-portugal
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/courses
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/david-mittelman
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/dissertations-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/flora-thomson-deveaux
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-bilingual-education-or-esl-education-and-cross-cultural-studies
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-bilingual-education-or-esl-education-and-cross-cultural-studies/master
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-portuguese-bilingual-education-or-esl-education-and-cross-cultural-stu
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-program-brazilian-studies
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-programs-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/master-arts-programs-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/masters-projects-portuguese-
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/detailed-requirements-phd
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/detailed-requirements-phd/general-exa
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/dissertations-all-fields-related-port
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/financial-support-doctoral-students
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/financial-support-doctoral-students/b
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/placement-record-phd-program
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/graduate-programs/phd-program-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies/teaching-and-mentoring-doctoral-stude
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/home
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/images/g%C3%A1vea-brown-logo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/images/meiklejohn-house
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/karina-p-lago-prize-recipients
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/marcos-cerdeira
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-04/422-benjamin-legg-doctoral-dissertation-defense
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-09/105-luncheon-lecture-conversa-com-clara-ferreira-alves
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-09/107-108-people-archive-colloquium
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-09/921-aluminio-musical-performance-cancelled
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-09/923-pizza-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-09/930-lecture-rui-vieira-nery
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/1014-bate-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/1018-luiz-ruffato
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/1019-film-screening-os-maias
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/1021-luncheon-lecture-joel-neto
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/1027-and-1028-film-nights
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/1028-dia-d
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-10/114-pizza-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-11/121-luncheon-lecture-ondjaki
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-11/129-bate-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-12/1212-nation-and-narration-conference
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2016-12/1212-performance-and-exhibit-night
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-01/21-luncheon-lecture-renato-cordeiro-gomes
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-01/23-spring-open-house
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-01/26-luncheon-lecture-margarida-vale-de-gato
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-02/224-pizza-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-02/31-luncheon-lecture-ant%C3%B3nio-costa-pinto
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-02/faculty-news-2016-national-jewish-book-award
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-03/317-bate-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-03/413-luncheon-lecture-katrina-dodson
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-03/45-jo%C3%A3o-tordo-and-paulo-scott
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-03/47-pizza-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-03/announcing-portuguese-lunch-table
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-04/428-bate-papo
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-04/55-10-minute-portuguese-play-festival
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/2017-04/58-performance-and-exhibit-night
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news/rss
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news?page=1
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news?page=2
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news?page=3
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news?page=4
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news?page=5
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/news?page=6
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/people
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/publications
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/publications/g%C3%A1vea-brown-publications
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/publications/g%C3%A1vea-brown-publications/g%C3%A1vea-brown-journal-archive
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/resources
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/ConsulFlyerSalomonCenter.preview.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/Pizza-Bate Semester cc O 2016.preview.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/TestamentoFlyerSalomonCenter.preview.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/lyman map_0.preview.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/10 min plays cover.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/1466026241_322188_1466026698_miniatura_normal.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/Katrina_Dodson_Rio_2016.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/Open House Spring 2017 detail.jpeg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/PEN detail Dec 16 15pc.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/PEN detail.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/bate 03-17-17.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/bate 04-28-17.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/bate 10:14.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/bate 12:9.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/cover trimmed.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/gomes thumb.jpeg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/hdj announce2 hi.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/head75.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/makers-of-jewish-modernity.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/nery_h.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/neto th.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/pai nosso s.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/photo.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/pizza 02-24-17.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/pizza 04-7-17.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/pizza 11:4.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/pizza 9:23.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/thumb s.jpeg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/images/news/2013/twitter pic_0.jpg
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/BRIDGES-POBS.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/ConcGuide15.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/Dia%20D.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/GradHnbk15.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/Joel%20Neto%20s.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/Nation%20and%20Narration%20Conference.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/Open%20House%20Spring%202017.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/PEN%20Dec%202016.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/Pizza-Bate%20P17.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/ScarrittFundApplication.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/Tordo%20and%20Scott.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/alves.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/dodson%20s.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/gavea%20catalog%20mar%2014.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/gomes.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/hdj%20poster.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/hdj%20program%209%3A28.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/nery_2.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/ond.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/os%20maias.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/undergrad%20prog%20info%20sheet.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/sites/brown.edu.academics.portuguese-brazilian-studies/files/uploads/vale%20de%20gato2.pdf
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate-program
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate-program/clube-da-escrita
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate-program/concentration-guidelines
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate-program/dug-departmental-undergraduate-group
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/fellowships-prizes-and-funding
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/five-year-integrated-abam-degree
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/honors-program
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/honors-program/honors-theses
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/resources-undergraduates#karina
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/resources-undergraduates#scarritt
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/resources-undergraduates/karina-lago-memorial-fund-portuguese-and-brazilian-studies
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/resources-undergraduates/scarritt-fund-projects
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/study-abroad
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/study-abroad/brown-brazil-program
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/study-abroad/summer-study-brazil
https://www.brown.edu/academics/portuguese-brazilian-studies/undergraduate/study-abroad/summer-study-portugal
